# Changelog 2023-09-22

Based on playtest [2023-09-19](../playtests/2023-09-19.md)

## Timeline of turns

1. Movement
2. Interaction with squares
3. Curses

## Factories

- ~~Placing two demons removes an opponent's demon (2on1 rule)~~
- You may place demons on the factory where you are standing.
- A factory can have at most two demons.
- A factory gives its effect to any player who has it covered by a demon.
- A factory flips (giving the improved effect) when it is covered by two demons from **the same player**; a factory flips back when this is no longer true.

## Curses

### Refined
| Tokens | Effect |
| ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1 | Remove a demon (owned by anyone) from the square at which you are standing. You may pay 1 soul to gain 1 demon. |
| 1 | Steal 1 speed token from target player |

### Same as before
| Tokens | Effect |
| ------ | --- | 
| 1 | Steal 1 soul from target player |
| 1 | -1 movement until next upkeep for target player |

## Speed Tokens

Clarify how many you can use at once:

 - You may spend one (and only one) speed token to get +2 speed this turn
 - You may spend 6 speed tokens to get a permanent +1 speed token

## Items

- Pandoras box: at every upkeep, choose: +1 demon / +1 curse token / ~ ~~+2 souls / +3 speed tokens~~
- New items:
  - Portal teleporter: You may go to any portal as if you were currently standing on a portal.

## Specialrutor

### Factories
 - Added +1 demon factory

### Events
 - **Place portal**: Place a portal anywhere on the map (in a circle that you have unlocked)
 - **Cleanse circle**: Return all placed demons to their owners from a circle of your chosing
 - ~~Move opponent 7 steps~~
 - **Hinderance x2**: Sever the connection between 2 squares (placing a block token between them). Do this 2 times. There must always be at least 1 path to any square.

 ### Traders
 - 1 demon = 4 souls ~~5 souls~~

